fix(self-managed): use java -jar for connector runtime bundle in install docs (#8915)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.8/self-managed/deployment/manual/install.md

```shell
/home/user/connectors $
└── connector-runtime-(application|bundle)-x.y.z-with-dependencies.jar
```

To start the connector runtime locally, run:

```shell
java -jar /home/user/connectors/connector-runtime-bundle-x.y.z-with-dependencies.jar
```

> The runtime bundle is packaged as a Spring Boot uber-jar (with its dependencies under `BOOT-INF/lib/`), so it must be launched with `java -jar`. The older flat-classpath invocation (`java -cp "/home/user/connectors/*" "io.camunda.connector.runtime.app.ConnectorRuntimeApplication"`) no longer works as of connector runtime 8.9.4.

Reviewer: we need to find which 8.8 image got this change introduced.

> The runtime bundle is packaged as a Spring Boot uber-jar (with its dependencies under `BOOT-INF/lib/`), so it must be launched with `java -jar`. The older flat-classpath invocation (`java -cp "/home/user/connectors/*" "io.camunda.connector.runtime.app.ConnectorRuntimeApplication"`) no longer works as of connector runtime 8.9.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime bundle is packaged as a Spring Boot uber-jar (with its dependencies under `BOOT-INF/lib/`), so it must be launched with `java -jar`. The older flat-classpath invocation (`java -cp "/home/user/connectors/*" "io.camunda.connector.runtime.app.ConnectorRuntimeApplication"`) no longer works as of connector runtime 8.8.12
```
